other than entire and I play for
blossomed wings I tried to write almost
every other day in the offseason and
depends various season during hockey
season's I arrived usually after every
game I look like hockey player riding I
hop on the bike and I look a little bit
and they're gonna look what extensions
and sizing I'm not eat I could be
probably more back I didn't started
right till I was about eight or nine
years old but it started way before that
my dad used to work for this sports
oriented school as a massage therapist
so he was trowel traveling with these
athletes and and most of the times he
was traveling with cycling team and me
as a really young boy they basically
dropped me off on the steepest climb to
hand it off the water bottles to the
guys and that's how I get connected to
the cycling for a bit for a very first
time and since then you know I was very
attached to this sport and since then
I've been riding and being more serious
about the sport I mean you can't ride
like this when I go ride it it different
sometimes I write you know for an hour
and sometimes I write for six hours
depends what I try to do it seems a very
long time for some people but I really
love the sport I enjoyed and not to be
outside and I just loved everything
about the sport much similarity between
writing and playing hockey's preparation
for for the season I mean condition-wise
I mean you can really
get really good strength and
conditioning from Vikings to the hockey
but I mean overall I mean that's the
probably the best I think best exercise
I never knew I would I never imagined I
would made it to the NHL and I was
younger I was going through a tough
tough road to tomato to the NHL but
eventually I did and became a dream come
true and so now I'm just gonna do it so
it's awesome feeling to be playing in
the NHL wow that's just beyond belief a
framing matter huh yeah we'll get the
personal meeting eventually thank you
very much I thought you'd like it buddy